feat: big fact slide template (#24)
mkobuolys/flutter_deck: README.md

}
```

> ### BigFact slide

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Big fact slide
```

> To create a title slide, use the `FlutterDeckSlide.bigFact` constructor. It is responsible for rendering Big Title in the center with description below it if needed also is uses the default header and footer configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a big fact slide, use the `FlutterDeckSlide.bigFact` constructor. It is responsible for rendering the title (fact) with the description (subtitle) below it.
```

```dart

> class BigFactSlide extends FlutterDeckSlideWidget {

Reviewer: Do not forget to update this code snippet after making changes in the `big_fact_slide.dart`.

}
```

> ### BigFact slide
> 
> To create a big fact slide, use the `FlutterDeckSlide.bigFact` constructor. It is responsible for rendering the title (fact) with the description (subtitle) below it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Big fact slide

To create a big fact slide, use the `FlutterDeckSlide.bigFact` constructor. It is responsible for rendering the title (fact) with the description (subtitle) below it.

```

```dart
class BigFactSlide extends FlutterDeckSlideWidget {
  const BigFactSlide()
      : super(
          configuration: const FlutterDeckSlideConfiguration(
            route: '/big-fact',
            footer: FlutterDeckFooterConfiguration(showFooter: false),
          ),
        );

  @override
  FlutterDeckSlide build(BuildContext context) {
    return FlutterDeckSlide.bigFact(
      title: '100%',
      subtitle:
          'The test coverage value that flutter_deck will probably never achieve',
      theme: FlutterDeckTheme.of(context).copyWith(
        bigFactSlideTheme: const FlutterDeckBigFactSlideThemeData(
          titleTextStyle: TextStyle(color: Colors.amber),
        ),
      ),
    );
  }
}
```

> ![BigFact slide example](https://github.com/mkobuolys/flutter_deck/blob/main/images/templates/big_fact.png?raw=true)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Big fact slide example](https://github.com/mkobuolys/flutter_deck/blob/main/images/templates/big_fact.png?raw=true)
```

> 

Reviewer: Remove an empty line (only one is needed here)
